Assalamu alaikum everyone, the topic of our presentation is factors influencing user story estimations, an idustrial 
intervuiew and conceptual model. 
and here are the team members. 
these are the contents that we are going to cover today.

So this paper describes user story chrctrtc, reasons why us is inaacurate and a model to know their impact on post release 
defects. It was conducted through an interview with practitioners in capgemini software development company.

so the main goal was to investigate the reasons of inaccurate us estimation and find factor that has impact on post release
defects. 

so lets talk aboutu the importance of the paper's work.
we are seeing a shift towards agile methodology now. a report in 2015 showed an increasing rate of successfully resolved 
project using agile methodology, around 40%.
In agile proocess, there is freqyent release of wwell tested soofgtyware products. so we nmeed some predictive 
analytical tools to detect defect prone software modules. the findings of this paper contributes to that too.
also yuser story is a big part of agile approach. this paper aims to find out the relation between user story estiamtion 
and post release defects.

what is user story, im plain simple language. user stories helpts to shift the focus from writing abouut requirements 
to talking about them.
there are few coomponents of US, there is a title, a description of the story, an author and also a group of stakeholders 
and finally a priority value in the product backlog. 
and on the right u can see a grouping. basuical theme is root node that holds multiple epics and a epic can contain
multiple user stories. and a user story can lead to multiple tasks. 

the user sotories has to go through a series of process, can be called refinement process. the phases are;
first drafting the US,
eastablishing agreement with key users, here we seek the spopnssors,
we do priotization meeting,
trhere is also a dedicated refinement meeting,
then we roughlyu estimate the US,
finally the US is used in the planning meeting. 

we can define estimation outcomes in three groups;
correct estimation which is accurate with a small margin of error,
under estimation, when US neeeds more efforts than the set out in the estimation,
over estiamtion, when US need less efforts than the set out in the estimation

as it was an survey, the question thjat was asked was, q1 and this question initiated q2, which was ....





